>> New documentary.
>> And it's so ultra real.
It's such a different
mode of knowing
that often people come back
and think, well, if I try
and tell somebody that,
they'll think I'm crazy.
But when I first woke up, all I
knew was where I had just been.
This extraordinary journey.
>> This week on
Gaia, on The Retreat.
>> In preparation for
returning to their real lives,
Dominique and Derek teach
the gang how to prepare tasty
and nutritious vegan food.
>> On Stairway to the Stars.
>> What they wanted to do
is they wanted to increase
the military budget, so that
they could take this unique
opportunity in history to
establish full spectrum
dominance.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
So if they have people
that are able to be
on a similar level to them
with this technology assisting
them to do so, then they're
able to hijack these craft.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> Some of us might have
had past lives as animals
or as different types of beings,
not necessarily always human.
>> On Dragonfly
enLightening Talks.
>> We know that women who
replace their hormones have
a drastic improvement in
overall health and vitality.
>> On Journeys into the Soul.
>> What I discovered is that
it's not only channeling
memories you're
channeling in the now.
So it's giving them
information about their past,
but it's also giving them
information about their future.
>> Only on Gaia.